feat(changelog): object-storage-changed-all-requests-now-go-though-scale 2024-09-26 (#3764)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/september2024/2024-09-26-object-storage-changed-all-requests-now-go-though-scale.mdx

---
title: All requests now go though Scaleway Object Storage’s new gateway for all Regions
status: changed
author:
    fullname: 'Join the #object-storage channel on Slack.'
    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2024-09-26
category: storage
product: object-storage
---

> The rollout of the new gateway is now completed in all Regions, as the http PUT requests now also go through the new Gateway, leading to a significative performance improvement especially on p50 and p90 for PUT requests. Work in progress will bring further improvements on p95, p99 and p99,9 percentiles for PUT method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The rollout of the new gateway is now complete in all Regions. HTTP PUT requests now also go through the new gateway, leading to a significant performance improvement, especially on p50 and p90 percentiles. The next updates will bring further improvements to p95, p99 and p99.9 percentiles for the PUT method.
```
